Setup guide for StackAdapt audience destination (#7221)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-stackadapt-audiences/index.md

---
title: StackAdapt Audience Destination
hide-boilerplate: true
hide-dossier: true
beta: true

> # id: 61d8859be4f795335d5c677c

Author: Not sure what this ID should be 🤔

Reviewer: That's OK the Docs team will fix that.

Reviewer 2: @tcgilbert any insight on what the destination's ID should be?

Reviewer: hi @forstisabella the ID is 66e96b9f4ee97f41caa06487

hidden: true
redirect_from: "/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-stackadapt/"
---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

[StackAdapt](https://www.stackadapt.com/){:target="\_blank"} is a programmatic advertising platform specializing in audience engagement. StackAdapt enables marketers to deliver high-performing advertising campaigns across channels through real-time bidding, detailed audience targeting, and data-driven insights. StackAdapt’s integration with Segment Engage helps you sync user data to optimize targeting and improve your campaign outcomes.

This destination is maintained by StackAdapt. For any issues with the destination, please [submit a ticket to StackAdapt's support team](https://support.stackadapt.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360006572593){:target="\_blank"}.

## Getting started

### Getting your StackAdapt GraphQL Token

If you do not have an API key, reach out to the StackAdapt team for help.

> ### Setting up the StackAdapt Audience destination in Segment Engage

Reviewer: Note for Docs team reviewer. 

This Destination has 2 Actions. 
1. Forward Profile - this is basically a Connections Action which sends user profile data to Stackadapt. This Action can be used with Connections Source. 
2. Forward Audience Event - this syncs Engage Audiences to Stackadapt. This Action can only be used with Engage Audiences. 

I'm thinking that might need some specific wording to explain that this Destination the different use-cases for each of these Actions, the different Sources for each (Connections Vs Engage Audience), and the different setup steps for each. 

Is this something you can edit into this PR? Or would you like assistance from me or @Vanessa-SSY ?

Reviewer 2: I'd need the `id` for both actions to add a specific note to the autogenerated Available Actions section of this page. Do you happen to know the id for both actions @joe-ayoub-segment?

Reviewer: Hi @forstisabella : 

Forward Audience Event = dkwweyGfhoSh7jWwSi9n4D
Forward Profile = 8mmGRhHeA8F2fzwNXVymNF

Author: @forstisabella Thanks! Approved

---
title: StackAdapt Audience Destination
hide-boilerplate: true
hide-dossier: true
beta: true

> # id: 61d8859be4f795335d5c677c

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
id: 66e96b9f4ee97f41caa06487
```

> hidden: true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

@tcgilbert does this docs page need to be hidden?

Reviewer: hi @forstisabella the page should be hidden until we move the Destination to Public Beta. We'll notify you when this happens.

Reviewer 2: gotcha!

> redirect_from: "/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-stackadapt/"

Reviewer 2: When you navigate to segment.com/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-stackadapt/, it redirects to the existing StackAdapt destination. Was that behavior intentional?

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: okay great, then I'll remove this line if we don't need the redirect!

---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

> [StackAdapt](https://www.stackadapt.com/){:target="\_blank"} is a programmatic advertising platform specializing in audience engagement. StackAdapt enables marketers to deliver high-performing advertising campaigns across channels through real-time bidding, detailed audience targeting, and data-driven insights. StackAdapt’s integration with Segment Engage helps you sync user data to optimize targeting and improve your campaign outcomes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[StackAdapt](https://www.stackadapt.com/){:target="_blank"} is a programmatic advertising platform specializing in audience engagement. StackAdapt enables marketers to deliver high-performing advertising campaigns across channels through real-time bidding, detailed audience targeting, and data-driven insights. StackAdapt’s integration with Twilio Engage helps you sync user data to optimize targeting and improve your campaign outcomes.
```

> This destination is maintained by StackAdapt. For any issues with the destination, please [submit a ticket to StackAdapt's support team](https://support.stackadapt.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360006572593){:target="\_blank"}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This destination is maintained by StackAdapt. For any issues with the destination, please [submit a ticket to StackAdapt's support team](https://support.stackadapt.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360006572593){:target="_blank"}.
```

## Getting started

### Getting your StackAdapt GraphQL Token

> If you do not have an API key, reach out to the StackAdapt team for help.

Reviewer 2: I'd like to include contact information here - would this link (https://support.stackadapt.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360006572593) be the best way to contact the StackAdapt team? @Vanessa-SSY 
```suggestion
If you do not have an existing StackAdapt API key, reach out to the StackAdapt team for help.
```

### Setting up the StackAdapt Audience destination in Segment Engage

1. From the Segment web app, navigate to **Connections > Catalog > Destinations**.
2. Search for and select the "StackAdapt Audience" destination.
3. Click **Add Destination**.
4. Select an existing source to connect to the StackAdapt Audience destination.

> 5. Give the destination a name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Enter a name for your destination.
```

> 6. On the Settings screen, provide your StackAdapt Graphql API token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. On the Settings screen, provide your StackAdapt GraphQL API token.
```

7. Toggle on the destination using the **Enable Destination** toggle.

> 8. Click **Save Change**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Click **Save Changes**.
```

> 9. Follow the steps in the Destinations Actions documentation to [customize mappings](/docs/connections/destinations/actions/#customize-mappings) or follow the steps below to Sync an Engage Audience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Follow the steps in the Destinations Actions documentation to [customize mappings](/docs/connections/destinations/actions/#customize-mappings) or use the documentation to [sync an Engage Audience](#sync-an-engage-audience).
```

10. Enable the destination and click **Save Changes**.

### Sync an Engage Audience

To sync an Engage audience with StackAdapt:

> 1. Each Engage audience should only contain profiles that meet StackAdapt’s targeting criteria. Each profile in the Engage audience must have a valid email address to be considered as a valid profile in the StackAdapt platform. Profiles missing an email address will not be valid on StackAdapt platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Each Engage audience should only contain profiles that have a valid email address. Profiles missing an email address are not valid on StackAdapt's platform.
```

2. Add a condition to the Engage audience to ensure the required email trait is included.

> 3. Open the previously created StackAdapt destination.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Open the previously created StackAdapt Audience destination.
```

> 4. In the **Mappings** tab, click **New Mapping** and select **Forward Audience Event**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. On the Mappings tab, click **New Mapping** and select **Forward Audience Event**.
```

> 5. Under **Define event trigger**, click **Add Condition** and add this condition: **Event Type** is **Track** or **Identify**. Click **Add Condition** and add this condition: **Event Name** is `Audience Entered` or `Audience Exited`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Under Define event trigger, click **Add Condition** and add this condition: Event Type is `Track` or `Identify`. Click **Add Condition** and add this condition: Event Name is `Audience Entered` or `Audience Exited`.
```

> 6. Under **Map fields**, select the advertiser you want to sync the audience under. You can look for the advertiser by its ID on StackAdapt platform.
>    ![Image showing sample map fields](images/map-fields-example.png)

Reviewer 2: Do we need this screenshot?

```suggestion
6. Under **Map fields**, select the advertiser you want to sync the audience with. You can identify a specific advertiser by finding its ID in StackAdapt.
   ![Image showing sample map fields](images/map-fields-example.png)
```

> On StackAdapt platform:
> 
> 1. Under **Audience & Attribution** > **Customer Data** > **Profiles**, you should be able to see a list of profiles being synced to StackAdapt platform.
>    Please note that it can take up to 4 hours for profiles to show in the StackAdapt platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To verify that your audience is syncing with StackAdapt, open StackAdapt and navigate to **Audience & Attribution** > **Customer Data** > **Profiles**. On the Profiles tab, you should be able to see a list of profiles being synced to StackAdapt platform.

> info "Syncs can take up to 4 hours"
> It can take up to 4 hours from the time you initiate a sync for profiles to show up in StackAdapt.
```

> If you want to create a StackAdapt Audience with your Segment Engage Audiences:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to create a StackAdapt Audience from your Twilio Engage Audience:
```

> 1. Go to **Audience & Attribution** > **Customer Data** > **Segments**, on the top right corner, click **Create Segment**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Open StackAdapt and navigate to **Audience & Attribution** > **Customer Data** > **Segments**, then click **Create Segment**.
```

> 2. Choose **Segment Engage Audience ID** or **Segment Engage Audience Name** as the rule

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Choose **Segment Engage Audience ID** or **Segment Engage Audience Name** as the rule.
```

3. Select the value for the corresponding filter.
4. Click on **Submit** to create the segment.

### Sending an Audience to StackAdapt

1. In Segment, go to Engage > Audiences and select the audience to sync with StackAdapt.

> 2. Click Add Destination and select **StackAdapt Audience**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click **Add Destination** and select **StackAdapt Audience**.
```

3. Toggle **Send Track** and **Send Identify** on.

> 4. Click Save.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Click **Save**.
```

## Data and privacy

> Review [StackAdapt's Data Processing Agreement](https://www.stackadapt.com/data-processing-agreement){:target="\_blank"} to learn more about StackAdapt's privacy and data terms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Review [StackAdapt's Data Processing Agreement](https://www.stackadapt.com/data-processing-agreement){:target="_blank"} to learn more about StackAdapt's privacy and data terms.
```

---
title: StackAdapt Audience Destination
hide-boilerplate: true
hide-dossier: true
beta: true
id: 66e96b9f4ee97f41caa06487
hidden: true
redirect_from: "/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-stackadapt-audiences/"
---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

> [StackAdapt](https://www.stackadapt.com/){:target="_blank"} is a programmatic advertising platform specializing in audience engagement. StackAdapt enables marketers to deliver high-performing advertising campaigns across channels through real-time bidding, detailed audience targeting, and data-driven insights. StackAdapt’s integration with Twilio Engage helps you sync user data to optimize targeting and improve your campaign outcomes.

Reviewer: Should it say 'Twilio Engage' or 'Segment Engage' here

Author: This was changed according to [this comment](https://github.com/segmentio/segment-docs/pull/7221#discussion_r1851184328) from @forstisabella

This destination is maintained by StackAdapt. For any issues with the destination, please [submit a ticket to StackFAdapt's support team](https://support.stackadapt.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360006572593){:target="_blank"}.

## Getting started

### Getting your StackAdapt GraphQL Token

> If you do not have an existing StackAdapt API key, [reach out to the StackAdapt team for help](https://support.stackadapt.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360006572593).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you do not have an existing StackAdapt API key, [reach out to the StackAdapt team for help](https://support.stackadapt.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360006572593){:target="_blank"}.
```

### Setting up the StackAdapt Audience destination in Segment Engage

1. From the Segment web app, navigate to **Connections > Catalog > Destinations**.
2. Search for and select the "StackAdapt Audience" destination.
3. Click **Add Destination**.

> 4. Select an existing source to connect to the StackAdapt Audience destination.

Reviewer: Should we clarify that the Source should be the Engage Space?

5. Enter a name for your destination.
6. On the Settings screen, provide your StackAdapt GraphQL API token.
7. Toggle on the destination using the **Enable Destination** toggle.
8. Click **Save Changes**.
9. Follow the steps in the Destinations Actions documentation to [customize mappings](/docs/connections/destinations/actions/#customize-mappings) or use the documentation to [sync an Engage Audience](#sync-an-engage-audience).
10. Enable the destination and click **Save Changes**.

### Sync an Engage Audience

To sync an Engage audience with StackAdapt:

1. Each Engage audience should only contain profiles that have a valid email address. Profiles missing an email address are not valid on StackAdapt's platform.
2. Add a condition to the Engage audience to ensure the required email trait is included.
3. Open the previously created StackAdapt Audience destination.
4. On the Mappings tab, click **New Mapping** and select **Forward Audience Event**.

> 5. Under Define event trigger, click **Add Condition** and add this condition: Event Type is `Track` or `Identify`. Click **Add Condition** and add this condition: Event Name is `Audience Entered` or `Audience Exited`.

Reviewer: Technically there is no need to mention anything about `Audience Entered` or `Audience Exited`. I think it will just confuse the customer. 

You could just saw that the Event Name for track() events is irrelevant.

Author: removed

6. Under **Map fields**, select the advertiser you want to sync the audience with. You can identify a specific advertiser by finding its ID in StackAdapt.
   ![Image showing sample map fields](images/map-fields-example.png)

On StackAdapt platform:

To verify that your audience is syncing with StackAdapt, open StackAdapt and navigate to **Audience & Attribution** > **Customer Data** > **Profiles**. On the Profiles tab, you should be able to see a list of profiles being synced to StackAdapt platform.

> info "Syncs can take up to 4 hours"
> It can take up to 4 hours from the time you initiate a sync for profiles to show up in StackAdapt.

If you want to create a StackAdapt Audience from your Twilio Engage Audience:

1. Open StackAdapt and navigate to **Audience & Attribution** > **Customer Data** > **Segments**, then click **Create Segment**.
2. Choose **Segment Engage Audience ID** or **Segment Engage Audience Name** as the rule.
3. Select the value for the corresponding filter.

> 4. Click on **Submit** to create the segment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Click **Submit** to create the segment.
```
